TELCODOCS-2005: Telco Day 2 Troubleshooting and maintenance (Intro, General, Cluster) (#85939)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/telco-troubleshooting-general-connect-to-pod.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * edge_computing/day_2_core_cnf_clusters/troubleshooting/telco-troubleshooting-general-troubleshooting.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="telco-troubleshooting-general-connect-to-pod_{context}"]
= Connecting to a pod

You can directly connect to a currently running pod with the `oc rsh` command, which provides you with a shell on that pod.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Only use the `oc rsh` command if you cannot connect to the node with the `oc debug` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `oc rsh` command only if you cannot connect to the node by using the `oc debug` command.
```
- Place "only" as close to the word or phrase it modifies as possible: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-adverbs-only
- The term "with" can sometimes introduce ambiguity.
